reflections.md, before:

># Score:

><img src= "https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1RayQHKJnJWusBwYbMp1ecoCpIEXjkoou">

>-Connect the blue wire to the corresponding location to start.
>(Optional: Adjust VCO to increase overall speed)

>-Enjoy sound

From the start this is going to be different from the previous scores that I have worked with. The first one that I had was only 3 lines, but they formed a structure almost like a haiku. This being basically a single line of instruction is interesting, and leaves a lot of freedom. Basically as much freedom as you can get from these scores.

Previously I had done notes at each point in the score that matched with a point in the music. In this instance I will be writing them out, since everything would just be under that single instruction anyway.

# Listening

Light drums at the start, with a skittering effect. Deep booming drums come in following this, filling out the beat while increasing in speed. At roughly 35 seconds in a bell sound starts to play. The beat continues to increase in pace, with the bells playing out more. At ~55 seconds a distorted string like sound plays. at 1:14 the drums skitter and slide. The bells begin to increase in speed, until cutting out with the deeper base and leaving the higher pitch drums playing in the background.

# Thoughts

Moving forward previously I've taken what the previous patch built up, or took cues from the old score to create a new one. In this case with a score so vague I'm going to follow its instructions with what I create and "Enjoy sound", in whatever way seems right. Sampling seems like an interesting way of doing that, possibly with the granular synthesis modules that I've been wanting to learn how to use, or the random sampler.

I'm wanting to keep this patch simple as well, because the previous ones that I have worked on have all had performance issues on my laptop during performance, despite not showing signs of that previously. I'm going to try not to sacrifice the amount of sound I can generate because of this, I'll try to use some tricks I've learned to push the sound.

# Performance

The piece is interesting to perform. Because of the lack of instructions, its hard to precisely play the piece that was recorded. It takes a while to learn what each of the controls is doing to the sound, and how to play them together. Another thing of note is that there are a few components in the patch that are not connected to anything. The image shows the segment generator connected to Rampage, however in the patch, its not connected at all.

I may keep some of this in my rendition. We will see where the inspiration takes me.

Commit message:

Last additions to the thoughts of performing with the patch

reflections.md, after:

># Score:

><img src= "https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1RayQHKJnJWusBwYbMp1ecoCpIEXjkoou">

>-Connect the blue wire to the corresponding location to start.
>(Optional: Adjust VCO to increase overall speed)

>-Enjoy sound

From the start this is going to be different from the previous scores that I have worked with. The first one that I had was only 3 lines, but they formed a structure almost like a haiku. This being basically a single line of instruction is interesting, and leaves a lot of freedom. Basically as much freedom as you can get from these scores.

Previously I had done notes at each point in the score that matched with a point in the music. In this instance I will be writing them out, since everything would just be under that single instruction anyway.

# Listening

Light drums at the start, with a skittering effect. Deep booming drums come in following this, filling out the beat while increasing in speed. At roughly 35 seconds in a bell sound starts to play. The beat continues to increase in pace, with the bells playing out more. At ~55 seconds a distorted string like sound plays. at 1:14 the drums skitter and slide. The bells begin to increase in speed, until cutting out with the deeper base and leaving the higher pitch drums playing in the background.

# Thoughts

Moving forward previously I've taken what the previous patch built up, or took cues from the old score to create a new one. In this case with a score so vague I'm going to follow its instructions with what I create and "Enjoy sound", in whatever way seems right. Sampling seems like an interesting way of doing that, possibly with the granular synthesis modules that I've been wanting to learn how to use, or the random sampler.

I'm wanting to keep this patch simple as well, because the previous ones that I have worked on have all had performance issues on my laptop during performance, despite not showing signs of that previously. I'm going to try not to sacrifice the amount of sound I can generate because of this, I'll try to use some tricks I've learned to push the sound.

# Performance

The piece is interesting to perform. Because of the lack of instructions, its hard to precisely play the piece that was recorded. It takes a while to learn what each of the controls is doing to the sound, and how to play them together. Another thing of note is that there are a few components in the patch that are not connected to anything. The image shows the segment generator connected to Rampage, however in the patch, its not connected at all.

It's a very experimental instrument, at least I found it to be so. With controls falling entirely on the dials and connections, it pushes you to create weird, and abstract sounds, but is mostly simple enough that they sound legible still.

I may keep some of this in my rendition. We will see where the inspiration takes me.
